hey this is stephen with Team Alpha
Omega today I'm going to be showing you
my dark smoke Doug from monsters first
off we have to dr. more threes overkill
believe me too Blackwing Shura you only
have one search target so 3 is
unnecessary to blocking Bora 1700
piercer to Blackwing Blizzard instant
level 6 Blackwing Gale level 3 Tuner and
a randomly text battle storm that's it
for your darks four wins you have three
miss I soldier 1700 wind winged beast he
returns monsters back to the hand great
for sinkers like shooting star 3 harpy
Queens 1900 beater you can picture the
graves to get the field spell which is
an instant wind in the grave and to mist
Valley Falcons which is just a 2000 be
the only reason these in there that's it
for the monsters for the spells we have
two swallows nest very versatile card in
this deck it searches out any card
except for blizzard and Gail we have two
harpies hunting ground boosts all winged
beasts by 200 and if a harpy lady summon
in any way destroy a back row we have to
book of moon and for draw power we have
to duck well dealings great way to put
darks and winds in the grave
one pot of duality I mean the one is
enough allure of darkness in one cards
for black feathers you got dark hole
monster reborn in John true name they're
all just staples that's it for the
spells for traps we got three a curse
attack all your monsters are winged be
so you can't go wrong with 33 compulsory
evacuation devices I run this over
bottomless just because it does a lot
more for you mirror force because it's
mayor force and one bottles just one
that's it guys